Test case 3. Searching ‘prowly’ word by google assistant and voice/image options. (android device)

Precondition:
1. User has access to the internet and installed latest versions of Chrome, Firefox browsers.
2. ‘Prowly’ company is created with his own website: e.g. www.prowly.com. 
Company:
- has accounts on social media (facebook, instagram, Linkedin etc.) 
- same interviews/articles are conducted
- some books about prowly are available on the market,
- company has own logo with ‘prowly’ text on it. Logo is available in different formats:
   .jpeg, .jpg,.png, .bmp 
- some videos for ‘Prowly’ are created
- has full data filled on own website as
* subpage ‘about us’, ‘Pricing’, 
* Contact: address, localisation on map, phone number, fax and mail.
3. All default settings are set in all browsers.
4. User has access to mobile android device. 
5. Google assistant appliaction is installed and running. 
6. All voice and videos/images permissions are enabled for mobile user.
Expected result: Preconditions are met.
 
Step 1 Log on mobile device as user1. Expected result: User 1 is logged on mobile.
Step 2 Press Google assistant application. Expected result: Google assistant appliaction is running.
Step 3 Say ‘open www.google.com' Expected result: ‘www.google.com’ website is displayed. 
Step 4 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button in the search bar. Expected result: Screen shows with microphone icon ready to work.
Step 5 Say ‘Prowly’. Expected result: Data with ‘Prowly’ word are listed.
Step 6 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and Say ‘proweli’. Expected result: Data with proweli’ word are listed.
Step 7 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and Say ‘ prowely’. Expected result: Data with ‘prowely’ word are listed.
Step 8 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and Say ‘prawli’. Expected result: Data with ‘prawli’ word are listed.
Step 9 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and say ‘prowli’. Expected result: Data with ‘prowli’ word are listed.
Step 10 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and Say ‘plowely’. Expected result: Data with ‘plowely’ word are listed.
Step 11 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and say ‘plowli’. Expected result: Data with ‘plowli’ word are listed.
Step 12 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and say ‘prouli’. Expected result: Data with ‘prouli’ word are listed.
Step 13 Tap ‘Search by voice’ button again and say ‘prauli’. Expected result: Data with ‘prauli’ word are listed.
Step 14 Tap picture icon ‘search by image’ button (next to the microphone icon on search bar options). Expected result: New window shows with infromation to 'Drag an image here or upload a file / paste image link".
Step 15 Upload a .jpg file with Prowly logo. Expected result: File is uploaded.
Step 16 Press find button.  Expected result: All .jpg images are displayed with ‘prowly’ logo. 
Step 17 Again press ‘search by image’ button and upload .jpeg file with Prowly logo. Expected result: File is uploaded.
Step 18 Press find button.  Expected result: All .jpeg images are displayed with ‘prowly’ logo. 
Step 19 Again press ‘search by image’ button and upload .png file with Prowly logo. Expected result: File is uploaded.
Step 20 Press find button.  Expected result: All .png image are displayed with ‘prowly’ logo.
Step 21 Again press ‘search by image’ button and upload .bmp file with Prowly logo. Expected result: File is uploaded.
Step 22 Press find button. Expected result: All.bmp images are displayed with ‘prowly’ logo.
Step 23 Close browser and back to main screen on mobile. Expected result: Main screen on mobile is displayed.